Update retries.md (#22850)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/retries.md

| Option | Description |
| ------ | ----------- |
| `MaxAttempts` | The hedging policy will send up to this number of calls. `MaxAttempts` represents the total number of all attempts, including the original attempt. This value is limited by `GrpcChannelOptions.MaxRetryAttempts` which defaults to 5. A value is required and must be 2 or greater. |

> | `HedgingDelay` | The first call is sent immediately, subsequent hedging calls are delayed by this value. When the delay is set to zero, all hedged calls are sent immediately. A value is required and must be zero or greater. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `HedgingDelay` | The first call is sent immediately, subsequent hedging calls are delayed by this value. When the delay is set to zero or `null`, all hedged calls are sent immediately. `HedgingDelay` is optional and defaults to zero. A value must be zero or greater. |
```

> | `HedgingDelay` | The first call will be sent immediately, but the subsequent hedging calls will be delayed by this value. When the delay is set to zero, all hedged calls are sent immediately. A value is required and must be zero or greater. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `HedgingDelay` | The first call is sent immediately, subsequent hedging calls are delayed by this value. When the delay is set to zero, all hedged calls are sent immediately. A value is required and must be zero or greater. |
```
